README.md, before:

# Typescript Webpack Starter

Base template for react projects. Includes webpack, babel, tailwind, prisma, docker dev setup, and github action deployment.

## Setup

Install node dependencies

```
npm install
```

If you plan to use docker-compose for your dev setup, install docker for your OS
`https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/`

## Dev

Run with webpack

```
npm run start
```

or with docker-compose

```
npm run up
```

## Deployment with Docker

Add the following to Github -> Settings -> Secrets -> Add Repository Secret

```
AWS_IP=your-ec2-aws-ip-address
AWS_KNOWN_HOSTS=rsa-encrypted-host-fingerprints
AWS_SSH_KEY=ssh-key-pair-pem
AWS_USER=ec2-user-name
```

When you push or merge to the branch 'production' the github action will automatically deploy your changes to your AWS EC2 Instance.

You can switch this branch in .github/workflows/deploy.yml

```
on:
  push:
    branches: [production]
``
```

## CSS with Tailwind

[Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/docs) is a css framework that prevents you from having to write your own css classes 🤮.

Look at [CardList.tsx](https://github.com/rmbh4211995/ts-webpack-starter/blob/master/client/src/components/CardList.tsx) for an example.

## Database with Prisma

[Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/docs/getting-started) is a newer ORM to help you access your database from Node.js.
It even generates types for your tables! 😊

To configure add to your `.env`

```
DATABASE_URL="your-database-url"
```

Sync your db schema

```
npx prisma db pull
```

Generate your unique client

```
npx prisma generate
```

View your database with prisma

```
npx prisma studio
```

## State management with React Redux

[React Redux](https://react-redux.js.org/introduction/getting-started) is a well known library for managing application "state" or data.
If you are interested in using this library, refer to `client/src/store`

## Why aren't you using the offical webpack-hot-middleware?

The webpack-hot-middleware package currently has a bug with webpack v5 that causes HMR to stop working.
You can read about the [issue here](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/webpack-hot-middleware/issues/390)

This repo uses a branch until the issue is fixed.
`"webpack-hot-middleware": "git+https://github.com/lukeapage/webpack-hot-middleware#2cdfe0d0111dab6432b8683112fd2d17a5e80572"`

Commit message:

Add env-cmd for cross platform development. Update readme dev section and add env section.

README.md, after:

# Typescript Webpack Starter

Base template for react projects. Includes webpack, babel, tailwind, redux, prisma, docker dev setup, and github action deployment.

## Setup

Install node dependencies

```
npm install
```

If you plan to use docker-compose for your dev setup, [install docker for your OS](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)

This repo uses `env-cmd` to support cross platform development.
Make sure you create an environment before running
`touch .env`

## Dev Options

<details>
  <summary>Run with webpack</summary>
  <p>```npm run start```</p>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Run with docker</summary>
  <p>```npm run up```</p>
</details>

## Deployment with Docker

Add the following to Github -> Settings -> Secrets -> Add Repository Secret

```
AWS_IP=your-ec2-aws-ip-address
AWS_KNOWN_HOSTS=rsa-encrypted-host-fingerprints
AWS_SSH_KEY=ssh-key-pair-pem
AWS_USER=ec2-user-name
```

When you push or merge to the branch 'production' the github action will automatically deploy your changes to your AWS EC2 Instance.

You can switch this branch in .github/workflows/deploy.yml

```
on:
  push:
    branches: [production]
``
```

## CSS with Tailwind

[Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/docs) is a css framework that prevents you from having to write your own css classes 🤮.

Look at [CardList.tsx](https://github.com/rmbh4211995/ts-webpack-starter/blob/master/client/src/components/CardList.tsx) for an example.

## Database with Prisma

[Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/docs/getting-started) is a newer ORM to help you access your database from Node.js.
It even generates types for your tables! 😊

To configure add to your `.env`

```
DATABASE_URL="your-database-url"
```

Sync your db schema

```
npx prisma db pull
```

Generate your unique client

```
npx prisma generate
```

View your database with prisma

```
npx prisma studio
```

## State management with React Redux

[React Redux](https://react-redux.js.org/introduction/getting-started) is a well known library for managing application "state" or data.
If you are interested in using this library, refer to `client/src/store`

## Why aren't you using the offical webpack-hot-middleware?

The webpack-hot-middleware package currently has a bug with webpack v5 that causes HMR to stop working.
You can read about the [issue here](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/webpack-hot-middleware/issues/390)

This repo uses a branch until the issue is fixed.
`"webpack-hot-middleware": "git+https://github.com/lukeapage/webpack-hot-middleware#2cdfe0d0111dab6432b8683112fd2d17a5e80572"`
